en: add more config description (#1787)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/configure-a-tidb-cluster.md

You need to configure `spec.tidb.service` so that TiDB Operator creates a service for TiDB. You can configure Service with different types according to the scenarios, such as `ClusterIP`, `NodePort`, `LoadBalancer`, etc.

> #### General configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### General configurations
```

> Different types of Services share some general configurations as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different types of services share some general configurations as follows:
```

> Different types of Services have some general configuration in common, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different types of Services share some general configurations as follows:
```

### High availability of TiDB service

#### Use nodeSelector to schedule Pods

> By cnofiguring the `nodeSelector` field of each component, you can specify the specific nodes that the component Pods can be scheduled onto. For details on `nodeSelector`, refer to [nodeSelector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector).

Author: ```suggestion
By configuring the `nodeSelector` field of each component, you can specify the specific nodes that the component Pods can be scheduled onto. For details on `nodeSelector`, refer to [nodeSelector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector).
```

> By configuring the `nodeSelector` field of each component, you can specify the specific nodes that the component Pods can be scheduled onto. For details on `nodeSelector`, refer to [nodeSelector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By configuring the `nodeSelector` field of each component, you can specify the specific nodes that the component Pods are scheduled onto. For details on `nodeSelector`, refer to [nodeSelector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector).
```
